what most guitarists and my generation I
started playing raw listening to rock
playing rock you know learning tunes off
the radio stuff when I decided to take
guitar lessons the guitar teacher that
was local was happened to be a jazz
guitarist so sort of by default I said
well okay I'll study jazz guitar wasn't
quite sure what that was but um got a
joke pass record a Barney Kessel record
and you know I took it from there
I definitely got deeply immersed in jazz
and but I never really felt like I
needed to lose the rock thing and I've
also always listened to a lot of
classical music so all those things are
kind of I try to let them influence what
I what I play and what I write
I was going to Queens College and I was
just 21 or 22 and I had been playing a
big jazz guitar and basically I just saw
on the bulletin board in school somebody
was selling a semi-hollow
with a picture I thought that looks like
a really cool guitar it's been you know
27 years and have you ever take a few
months and it's still my main guitar
when you offered to send me a guitar and
you know see what I thought I was
skeptical because I really didn't see
any reason to to switch when I took it
out of the case I was have to say I was
really pleasantly surprised how easily
it played and how it sounded it's really
even all the way up and down the neck
every note is really crystal clear the
frets seem perfect you know absolutely
no buzzing or
and it seems like there's maybe it's
because you have any fingerboard there's
there's a natural sustain that's maybe a
little bit greater than most other
guitars are played chords seem to sound
fuller as the overtones are ringing out
a little more strongly it usually takes
a little while for a new guitar to
become comfortable and and this was
pretty comfortable right right away you
know I try to get a warm but not muddy
sound and I should add that this guitars
really is really well equipped to
deliver that kind of a sound I can get
it really dark and and it's it's also
it's the leather priority to do it there
are situations where I try to create
some kind of a different landscape which
is maybe not even so recognizable as as
a guitar
I've been finding this guitar to be
really very versatile even because of
the old atonal variety and get out of it
with this you know extra toggle switch
and definitely good for what variety of
situations I have to say I'm very
impressed with this
you